fix: minor grammar, spelling and clarifications (#170)
Vatsim-Scandinavia/discord-bot: messages/faq_atc.md

2. Read the information in the "Request Training" section on your right.
3. Follow instructions accordingly to apply for your training.

> *If you have recently transferred, log out and back in to refresh your associated division. Rarely this can take up till 24 hours.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*If you have recently transferred, log out and back in to refresh your associated division. This _can_ take upwards of 24 hours.*
```
suggestion: alternate phrasing
